So what if you're a Garcia?
You're just a stepping stone on my way up.
If anyone doubts the Garcia engine's capabilities,
they are welcome to test it out at any time, but for right now,
let's take a look at Ellen's Dr. T.
See how she handles this.
And you better hurry.
Lucy, because at this rate,
Ellen will be bankrupt in half an hour.
Not even a hundred.
Dr. T's could save it then.
Lucy, we need to save ourselves.
The Garcia family is not our concern right now.
Oh, she's so right.
Lucy, and also at this point,
even if you do manage to marry Chris,
all you'll inherit is debt.
Dr. T, we need you.
Please.
John, project Lucy's screen,
and live stream the Dr. T's counterhack process, please.
Copy that.
You have a lot of faith in your fiance.
You got Dr. T.
Thank you.
Dr. T, you can begin.
Dr. T, Dr. T, Dr. T, Dr. T, Dr. T, Dr. T.
Why did this bitch die?
Why is she even here?
I can't be exposed.
Not now.
I can't go back to being nothing.
I need to find a way.
What's wrong, Lucy?
Oh, or are you just impersonating Dr. T?
Nonsense.
The hacker is inside the building.
So any harsh movements,
and I could destroy critical data,
I will use Dr. Quentin's anti-virus robot.